DOCS-7893 SaaS Cost Integrations + Cloud Cost Management Doc Update (#23446)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/_index.md

  {{< nextlink href="/cloud_cost_management/saas_costs">}}<u>SaaS Cost Integrations</u>: Send cost data from a supported SaaS cost provider to Datadog. {{< /nextlink >}}
 {{< /whatsnext >}}

## Data Collected

> Cloud Cost Management collects data for the AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud integrations, as well as shared data. The table provides insights into the specific tags associated with each integration.

Author: ```suggestion
Cloud Cost Management collects data for the AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud integrations, as well as shared data. 

This table provides a non-exhaustive list of out-of-the-box tags associated with each integration.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Cost Management collects tags for the AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud integrations. This table provides a non-exhaustive list of out-of-the-box tags associated with each integration.
```
